---
layout: post
title: Planning
---

It had been a long week since we last updated our blog.
We have done quite a number of tasks in this week.
First of all, we have been keeping in contact with Agathians
Shelter about the merchandises that we will be selling and
we have gotten a list from them. As we are told, we are about to sell:

- Books: Fiction and non-fiction (non-religious, non-politics)
- Water tumblers / bottles
- Keychains
- Ladies Blouse, short pants
- Unisex Collared and round neck T-shirts
- Men Formal / Casual Shirts

With the list of merchandises, we started to work on the proposal
to request for a venue in university. With the complete details
provided, we successfully obtained a booth in boulevard.
Considering the time to fetch the merchandises and other preparations,
we are planning to open the booth from 4th June to 6th June.

{% include component/image.html url="/assets/image/photo3.jpg"
description="Chanan, Qi Hao and Kai Wern discussing on the preparation needed
for fundraising event" %}

In the past weeks, we had a  meeting to discuss about
the preparation needed for the fundraising event
and allocation of responsibilities.

During the discussion, we had identified a few possible problems we
might face during the fundraising event. Since this is the first time
we help raising funds, we should be very careful when it comes to
handling the money.

{% include component/image.html url="/assets/image/photo1.jpg"
description="Qi Hao and Kai Wern having discussion how to resolve the problem" %}

So to resolve this issue, we plan to document every single transaction
of the merchandiseand donation to keep track of our fund we raised and
to ensure that we have a clean and transparent record on throught the
fundraising event.

To ensure that we do not accidentally miscalculated the fund raised,
we decided to assign a treasurer to be responsible on this issue.

During the discussion, we also found out that we need a board that
can grab attention of people during the collection of donation and
spread awareness about this event. The members from the other group,
Raeka and Charis, had volunteered themselves to prepare the board,

The board will be equiped with necessary information such as:

- The purpose of the fundraising event
- The background of Agathians Shelter, the orphanage home
- How the donation will be used on aiding the opreation of the orphanage
  home

{% include component/image.html url="/assets/image/photo2.jpg"
description="Two groups having discussion on the roster for during
fundraising event" %}

We also had a discussion with the other group on the allocation of the
timeslots during the fundraising event as well.

The event lasts 3 days, from 4th of June to 6th of June, and the
activities during the fundraising events can be summarized as below:

- Duty at booth to sell merchandize and collection of donation
- Walk around the campus to spread awareness and collection of donation

From a brief overview on the work required during the events, we figured
out that we need at least 2 people take care of the booth and around 2
people walk around the campus to collect donation and spread awareness.

Since some of us have classes to attend during some of these days,
we share our timetable with each other and discuss who will be responsible
of those duties for the event. After a brief discussion, each of us have a
rough idea on who can be on duty on which day. To finalize the allocation
of timeslot during the fundraising event, Qi Hao created an Google Sheets
to allow other members to specify their duty time.

Throughout the meeting, we distribute the tasks accordingly to prevent
overwhelming work needed to be done by an individual alone.
